Course definitions for Redis/Pub-Sub stages (#329)
codecrafters-io/build-your-own-redis: stage_descriptions/pubsub_4_lf1.md

> In this stage, you'll add support for modifying the response of `PING` command in the subscribed mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this stage, you'll add support for modifying the response of `PING` command in  subscribed mode.
```

> ### Subscribe Mode (Modification of `PING`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PING in subscribed mode
```

> If a ping command is issued from a client after it enters the subscribed mode, the server does not respond with `+PONG\r\n`, which is the usual response of `PING` command. Instead, the response is a RESP-Array of two elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a ping command is issued from a client after it enters subscribed mode, Redis does not respond with `+PONG\r\n`, instead is responds with a RESP array of two elements:
```
